dotnet restore: add page (#4341)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/dotnet-restore.md

# dotnet restore

> Restores the dependencies and tools of a .NET project.
> More information: <https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-restore>.

> - Restore dependencies for a .NET project or solution in the local path:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Restore dependencies for a .NET project or solution in the current directory:
```

....unless by `local path` you meant the `PATH` environment variable?

`dotnet restore`

> - Restore dependencies for a .NET project or solution:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Restore dependencies for a .NET project or solution in a specific location:
```
